8320 2026 exports (#5835)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: docs/features/recurring_hmis_exports.md

# Recurring HMIS Exports

> This feature automates the delivery of HMIS CSV exports on a rolling schedule. It is designed for partners who need a consistent snapshot of HUD-compliant data without manually triggering exports each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature automates the delivery of HMIS CSV exports on a rolling schedule. It is designed for automated data exchange via S3.
```
